# PyVeda

This is the python API for [veda](https://github.com/DigitalGlobe/veda), DigitalGlobe's in development machine learning and computer vision toolchain. While veda is primarily a backend server that stores training data, models and inference results for satellite imagery, pyveda is currently its face. The tools being developed here are meant to provide users with access to existing training data/models, help in the creation of new data and models, and provide a platform interacting with all facets of veda. 

## Currently under heavy development

## Python Reference

### Create a new VedaCollection

VedaCollections are the starting point for new training data to be generated in Veda. A VedaCollection is metadata container for training data that are generated by the Veda API from a collection or GeoJSON features and an GBDXTools image. By creating a VedaCollection and calling its `.load` method, Veda will automatically generate training data (pairs or images/labels) based on the given features and imagery (as well as a given tile_size parameter).   

```python

from pyveda import VedaCollection

vc = VedaCollection('The name for the collection', classes=['building', 'cars', 'planes'], mltype="classification", tile_size=[256,256], partition=[70,10,20])

vc.load(mygeojson, CatalogImage)

print( td.status )
```

Veda will use the geojson and the image to create datapoints in its database. These datapoints are image/label pairs based on the `mltype` and the `tile_size`, and once the images are cached can be used to train a model. 

### Search

```python
# find datasets
from pyveda import search
sets = search()
```

```python
vc = sets[0]

```
